PLAN A – FACILITY WILL SIGN AS REP PAYEE

Enrollment Day Inside Sales Processes 
1.	Inside Sales receives information from Area Manager for an enrollment day, to include the following:
a.	Startup Form
b.	Face Sheets
c.	Patient Liability for each Resident
d.	Logo
e.	Dates and Times for Enrollment Day(s)
f.	Rep Payee List
2.	Area Manager sets up date and time for Rep Payee call. (only if facility needs confirmation to sign)
3.	Inside Sales sends Area Manager proofs for letter and reminder postcard for Administrator signature and approval.
4.	14 days prior to enrollment day, Inside sales sends out:
a.	Medicaid letter  - New Client - to those with patient liability – No Rep Payees
b.	Private Pay letter to PP
i.	PP Notification Form
ii.	Privacy Notice
iii.	Return Envelope
c.	Zero Liability letter to SSI along with (only if new client):
i.	Medicaid Notification form
ii.	Consent form for TN only
iii.	Privacy Notice
iv.	Return Envelope
5.	10 days prior to enrollment day, Inside sales sends out postcard reminder.
a.	Medicaid postcard to those with patient liability
b.	Private Pay postcard to PP

Calling POA’s for Rep-Payees (ONLY IF facility needs confirmation to sign)
1.	On occasion, a facility may ask us to reach out to the financial POA’s to get authorization to sign up the facility Rep-Payee for the insurance product.  Should this occur, please follow the instructions below:
a.	Area Manager will provide you the information for the list of POA’s that need to be called.
b.	Call each financial POA and explain that the facility has asked us to reach out to them to get their approval to have their loved one signed up for the product. Make sure your phone call is recorded.
c.	If POA gives you approval, fill out their information on the enclosed Rep Payee Insurance Confirmation form.  See Exhibit B
d.	Send copy of completed Rep Payee Insurance Confirmation form to Area Manager so that the applications can then be done over the phone with the facility.
2.	Area Manager sets up date and time for Rep Payee call.



After Completing Rep Payee Call
1.	Send out the following to any POA of each Resident that the Facility signed up for the insurance: 
a.	Insurance Intro Letter Rep Payee

After Enrollment Day – Follow up for Inside Sales
1.	Area Manager will send in all completed applications to be processed to insidesales@360care.com and SCIP representative for their state within 48 hours of enrollment day.
2.	Inside Sales will put applications in Pending Application folder on Sdrive within 48 hours.
3.	Area Manager will send in spreadsheet that will identify those who attended the Enrollment Day (see Exhibit C) within 48 hours of enrollment day.
4.	Any completed applications are sent over to SCIP for processing.
5.	For any Medicaid individuals that did not attend the enrollment day, send out the following: (in this order)
a.	Cover Letter (Medicaid We Missed You Letter)
b.	FAQ
c.	Instruction Sheet (only new client)
d.	Instruction Form – Medicaid (only existing client)
e.	Insurance Application
f.	Special Medicaid form if necessary – only in GA and KY
g.	Notification Form (Medicaid)
h.	Consent Form for TN only
i.	Privacy Notice
j.	Return Envelope
6.	For any PP individual who did not attend enrollment day, send out the following packet: (In this order) 
a.	Cover Letter (PP We Missed You) 
b.	Notification Form (PP)
c.	Instruction Form (instruction form pp for existing)
d.	Insurance Application
e.	Privacy Notice
f.	Return Envelope
7.	One week after packets have been mailed, Inside Sales will call each POA for both Medicaid with patient liability and PP who did not attend enrollment day to follow up and introduce insurance to.  Inside Sales will make two phone call attempts for each person.

8.	For any PP individual who does not accept the insurance, Inside Sales asks if they would like to see our doctors for our services and we can bill their primary and secondary insurances.  If they tell you they already sent in their Notification/Consent form, thank them and let them know we look forward to caring for their loved one.  If you get an approval over the phone, do the following:
a.	Announce that we will need to make a recording and start the recording
b.	Fill out PP Notification form for the PP Resident.  Fill out Facility Name and Patient Name on top of form.  Check which services Resident will have.  Sign the Responsible Party’s name in signature line, include Relationship and Date.  Underneath Signature, include the following: “Phone Approval” with time and date of your call so that if we ever needed to go back to the recording we will know when it was.  Also include your name under the Date.  See attached example - Exhibit A
c.	After you complete the Notification Form, send out the following:
i.	Copy of Completed Notification Form
ii.	Payment Information Form
iii.	Privacy Notice
iv.	Return Envelope
d.	Scan copy of Notification form to appropriate Branch so they can notate the patient’s chart.

No Enrollment Day Process
1.	Inside Sales receives information from Area Manager to include:
a.	Startup Form
b.	Face Sheets
c.	Patient Liability for each Resident
d.	Logo
e.	Rep Payee list
2.	(only if facility needs confirmation to sign) On occasion, a facility may ask us to reach out to the financial POA’s to get authorization to sign up the facility Rep-Payee for the insurance product.  Should this occur, please follow the instructions below:
a.	Area Manager will provide you the information for the list of POA’s that need to be called.
b.	Call each financial POA and explain that the facility has asked us to reach out to them to get their approval to have their loved one signed up for the product. 
c.	If POA gives you approval, fill out their information on the enclosed Rep Payee Insurance Confirmation form.  See Exhibit B
d.	Send copy of completed Rep Payee Insurance Confirmation form to Area Manager so that the applications can then be done over the phone with the facility.

3.	Area Manager sets up date and time for Rep Payee call.
4.	Inside Sales sends Area Manager proof for letter if necessary for Administrator signature.
5.	Send out No Enrollment Day Postcard (Medicaid) immediately to any Medicaid individual with a patient liability – include Self Signers even if Rep Payee
6.	Send out No Enrollment Day Postcard (PP) immediately to any PP individual.
7.	For any Medicaid individual with $0 patient liability, send out the following packet: (only when new client)
a.	Cover Letter (Intro Medicaid $0) (only when new client)
b.	Notification Form (Medicaid) (only when new client)
c.	Consent form for TN only  (only when new client)
d.	Privacy Notice  (only when new client)
e.	Return Envelope  (only when new client)

8.	Area Manager will set up date and time for Rep Payee call.
9.	Inside Sales sends Area Manager proof for letter if necessary for Administrator signature.
10.	Send out No Enrollment Day Postcard (Medicaid) immediately to any Medicaid individual with a patient liability. (– No Rep Payee if existing facility)
11.	Send out No Enrollment Day Postcard (PP) immediately to any PP individual.
12.	Send out the following packet for any Medicaid individual with $0 patient liability:
a.	Cover Letter (Intro Medicaid $0)
b.	Notification Form (Medicaid)
c.	Consent form for TN only
d.	Privacy Notice
e.	Return Envelope

13.	3 days after Medicaid postcard is sent out, for any Medicaid individual with a patient liability, a full packet will be sent out.  Full packet includes the following: (In this order)
a.	Cover Letter (Intro Medicaid Letter – no enroll)
b.	FAQ 
c.	Instruction Sheet
d.	Insurance Application
e.	Special Medicaid form if necessary – only in GA and KY
f.	Notification Form (Medicaid)
g.	Consent form for TN only
h.	Privacy Notice (only if new client*)
i.	Return Envelope
14.	3 days after PP postcard is mailed out, for any PP individual, send out the following packet:
a.	Cover Letter (Intro PP) 
b.	Notification Form (PP) (only if new client)
c.	Instruction Sheet
d.	Insurance Application
e.	Privacy Notice (only if new client)
f.	Return Envelope
15.	One week after packets have been sent out, Inside Sales will make calls to each Medicaid POA with patient liability and PP to follow up with and introduce insurance to.  Two phone call attempts will be made to each person.

16.	For any PP individual who does not accept the insurance, Inside Sales asks if they would like to see our doctors for our services and we can bill their primary and secondary insurances.  If they tell you they already sent in their Notification/Consent form, thank them and let them know we look forward to caring for their loved one.  If you get an approval over the phone, do the following:
a.	Announce that we will need to make a recording and start the recording
b.	Fill out PP Notification form for the PP Resident.  Fill out Facility Name and Patient Name on top of form.  Check which services Resident will have.  Sign the Responsible Party’s name in signature line, include Relationship and Date.  Underneath Signature, include the following: “Phone Approval” with time and date of your call so that if we ever needed to go back to the recording we will know when it was.  Also include your name under the Date.  See attached example - Exhibit A
c.	After you complete the Notification Form, send out the following:
i.	Copy of Completed Notification Form
ii.	Payment Information Form
iii.	Privacy Notice
iv.	Return Envelope
d.	Scan copy of Notification form to appropriate Branch so they can notate the patient’s chart.


